Offboard colton from checklist (#1553)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Images are compressed appropriately
- [ ] Social image previews well on Twitter and LinkedIn
- [ ] Tech review request (developer advocate or domain expert)

> - [ ] Review request for editorial/grammar/clarity (developer advocate or Michael)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Review request for editorial/grammar/clarity (a member of the Dev Advocacy team)
```
